1. Write a program to search an element using Linear Search.
2. Write a program to search an element using Binary Search.
3. Write a program to sort the given array using Bubble Sort.
4. Write a program to sort the given array using Selection Sort.
5. Write a program to sort the given array using Insertion Sort.
6. Write a program to sort the given array using QuickSort.
7. Write a program to sort the given array using MergeSort.
8. Write a program to insert a new element in the given unsorted array at kth position.
9. Write a program to delete an element from given sorted array.
10. Write a program to merge to given sorted arrays.
11. Write a program to implement Stack using array, also show overflow and underflow in respective push and pop operations.
12. Write a program to implement Queue using array, which shows insertion and deletion operations.
13. Write a program to implement Circular Queue using array, which shows insertion and deletion operations.
14. Write a program to implement Linear Linked List, showing all the operations, like creation, display, insertion, deletion and searching.
15. Write a program to implement Stack, using Linked List. Implement Push, Pop and display operations.
16. Write a program to implement Queue, using Linked List. Implement Insertion, deletion and display operations.
17. Write a program to count the number of times an item is present in a linked list.
18. Write a program to increment the data part of every node present in a linked list by 10. Display the data both before incrimination and after.
19. Write a program to implement Doubly Linked List, showing all the operations, like creation, display, insertion, deletion and searching.
20. Write a program to create a Binary Search Tree and display its contents using recursive preorder, postorder and inorder traversal.
21. Write a program to implement deletion of a node in binary search tree.
22. Write a program to implement Binary tree and display the contents using non-recursive preorder, postorder and inorder traversal techniques.
23. Write a program to sort the given array using HeapSort.
24. Write a program of Graph traversal-Depth first search and Breadth first search.
25. Write a program to implement Prim’s algorithm
26. Write a program to implement Kruskal algorithm.